miss Bea miss Pierce please call me
Katherine
what are you what are you
you know no I don't yes you do or you
wouldn't be here it's not possible
I can't be
everything you know
every belief that you have about to
change are you ready for them what are
you
a vampire
I shouldn't have come no he's yeah no
how did you do that please be afraid let
me go wait now there's things that you
have to know when understood me
no please
Elena I would never hurt you you're safe
all those animals headus those people
who died that was named dan yes I drank
human blood that's not how I choose to
survive but Damon does I'll explain
everything to you but I beg you Elena do
not tell anybody how can you ask me that
cuz you knowing this is dangerous for so
many reasons you can hate me but I need
you to trust me just go please go if you
mean me no harm then you'll go
I never wanted this